>> Brian Holt: If you're writing React,
there's some code smells that you
definitely want to pay attention to.
One particular thing that you might notice
that's a little bit smelly is we have this
header that lives on several pages, right?
So we have this header here.
And then if you go back to Search, we
have a really similar header here, right?
It's not exactly the same
cuz the input's here.
Similar enough though.
So this is where your brain should be
thinking, hey, I have two concerns on this
page or I have a header concern and
then I have a details route concern.
So what I should be doing here is I should
be extracting this out so that I can have
a reusable header component that I
can just drop into multiple pages.
Go give that a shot.
>> Brian Holt: So
make a file called header.jsx.
>> Brian Holt: We're gonna
import React from 'react'.
Import, we'll do that in just a sec.
And we're gonna say,
const Header = () => <header> and
with an <h1></h1></header>,
which is going to be the svideo.
And then we're gonna
export default Header.
>> Speaker 2: Wouldn't you
also want to put it in Flow?
>> Brian Holt: Good call.
>> Brian Holt: Something I
often forget to do.
In fact, when I was writing this code,
I forgot to opt part of the course into
flow and I ended up having to rewrite,
I don't know, 10% of the course cuz
I just forgot to opt it into flow.
So it is something that I often forget.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
I go back to details real quick.
And now we have this
nice header component.
So we can import header from ./header.
And then we can just replace
this with header like that.
>> Brian Holt: Something I
haven't mentioned yet,
notice that I'm always calling my personal
components with a capital letter.
Not only is that convention, it's actually
required and enforced by React now.
If you put it as a div like this or
x something,
right, it's going to literally output
an x something tag to the dom.
So it's assuming it's lower case, you
want that literally to be the tag name.
And if it's upper case,
then it's a composite component or
something that you've created, right?
The one exception is, say I was passing
in like a monogenous component from
the parent and was like
this.props.passedInComponent like that.
Obviously you can't have
dot in an HTML tag.
So it knows okay, this is actually
gonna be an anonymous component.
That's the one exception to that rule.
>> Brian Holt: Anyway, make that a header.
So now if we come back in here,
refresh, our header is still there.
That was nice that having
this shared component, so
want to make an improvement, right?
Right now if you click the header,
nothing happens.
Typically when you click the logo, people
expect you to go back to the home page,
that's generally accepted UI pattern.
So let's make that work.
So here we're gonna import a link from
>> Brian Holt: React router dom.
>> Brian Holt: And
then what we're gonna do here is,
>> Brian Holt: inside of the h1,
gonna make this a link,
which is going to go to / and
then close that
>> Brian Holt: What did I do here?
I'm out of order.
Link goes inside, there we go.
>> Brian Holt: So now if I save that,
Refresh over here.
Now, I click on the header and
it'll take me back to landing.
So again, that's one of the big advantages
of extracting components out and
reusing them, is you can upgrade one
thing and it upgraded across the site.